Add link to chess robot example (#6982)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/rust/robby_fischer/README.md

<!--[metadata]
title = "Robby fischer"
tags = ["3D", "URDF", "Blueprint"]
source = "https://github.com/02alexander/robby-fischer/tree/urdf-vis"
thumbnail = "https://static.rerun.io/robby_thumbnail/71d2d57e9720e7a96e35a43467b5d2c45aa716d9/480w.png"
thumbnail_dimensions = [480, 385]
-->

https://vimeo.com/989548054?autoplay=1&loop=1&autopause=0&background=1&muted=1&ratio=1920:1080

## Used Rerun types

[`Transform3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/transform3d), [`Points2D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points2d), [`Boxes3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/boxes3d), [`Pinhole`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/pinhole), [`Image`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/image), [`Mesh3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/mesh3d), [`LineStrips3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/line_strips3d),

## Background

> Robby Fischer is an autonomous robot arm that you can play chess against, created by Alexander Berntsson and Herman Lauenstein. It detects the human's move by using a camera that watches which squares has a piece on it and what color that piece is. It doesn't need to see recognize different roles (pawn, rook, etc..) visually because it knows the start position so it can always figure out what piece stand on what square, although it's a bit problematic if the human promotes a pawn because robot must figure out which piece the pawn promoted to. This is why it also looks at the adjacent white board, it has a specific location associated with each piece, so if the human promotes to a queen the queen square will be empty and Robby can figure out that the human promoted to a queen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Robby Fischer is an autonomous robot arm that you can play chess against, created by Alexander Berntsson and Herman Lauenstein. It detects the human's move by using a camera that watches which squares has a piece on it and what color that piece is. It doesn't need to see recognize different roles (pawn, rook, etc..) visually because it knows the start position so it can always figure out what piece stand on what square. However, this is a bit problematic if the human promotes a pawn because robot must figure out which piece the pawn was promoted to. This is why it also looks at the adjacent white board, where it has a specific location associated with each piece, so if the human promotes to a queen the queen square will be empty and Robby can figure out that the human promoted to a queen.
```
Unclear to me what is meant by the 'adjacent white board' here - is it where the removed pieces are supposed to go? Don't quite follow this part

Reviewer: that's mentioned indeed later. Worth clarifying!

> To find out if a piece stands on a square we must determine what part of the image that may only contain the piece that stands on that square. This is necessary to deal with the fact that some pieces are tall and blocks part of adjacent squares, e.g if a king stands on e2, it's head will block part of the e1 square in the image. The mask that determines it is logged to "images/mask" and is shown in the bottom left corner along with the detected pieces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out if a piece stands on a square we must determine what part of the image may only contain the piece that stands on that square. This is necessary to deal with the fact that some pieces are tall and block part of adjacent squares, e.g. if a king stands on `e2`, its head will block part of the `e1` square in the image. The mask that determines this is logged to `images/mask` and is shown in the bottom left corner along with the detected pieces.
```

Example picture after this might be nice :)

## Logging and visualizing with Rerun

### Create recording
First we create the recording and store it as the thread local recording in each thread.
```rust

let app_id = "RobbyFischer";
let rec_id = uuid::Uuid::new_v4().to_string();
let rec = rerun::RecordingStreamBuilder::new(app_id)
    .recording_id(&rec_id)
    .connect()
    .unwrap();

// …

// Will be retrieved later using `rerun::RecordingStream::thread_local`
RecordingStream::set_thread_local(rerun::StoreKind::Recording, Some(rec.clone()));

// …

// Thread that does all the image processing.
let to_be_moved_rec = rec.clone();
let _vision_handle = std::thread::spawn(move || {
    RecordingStream::set_thread_local(rerun::StoreKind::Recording, Some(to_be_moved_rec));
    // …
});
```

### Robot arm

> First we will log the URDF using the official [URDF dataloader](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun-loader-python-example-urdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we will log the URDF using the official [URDF dataloader](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun-loader-python-example-urdf).
```

Reviewer: should point out here that the urdf loader first needs to be "installed"

for link_name in chain.iter_links().map(|link| link.name.clone()) {
    // …
    // Extracts translation and rotation of `link_name` relative to it's parent and it's entity_path.
    // …

    rec.log(
        entity_path,
        &rerun::Transform3D::from_translation_rotation(
            Vec3D::new(translation[0], translation[1], translation[2]),
            Rotation3D::Quaternion(Quaternion(quat.coords.as_slice().try_into().unwrap())),
        ),
    ).unwrap();
}
```
It's planned trajectory is visualized using [LineStrips3D](https://rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/line_strips3d).
```rust
let strip: Vec<Vec3> = // …
rec.log(
    "a8origin/trajectory",
    &rerun::LineStrips3D::new([strip])
        .with_radii([rerun::Radius::new_scene_units(0.002)]),
).unwrap();

// Move arm along trajectory …

// Remove trajectory after we've moved along it.
rec.log("a8origin/trajectory", &rerun::Clear::flat())
    .unwrap();

```

### Board and pieces
First it logs the position and meshes of the boards.
```rust
// The board is stored as a GLTF file so we use the `log_node` function from this example: https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/tree/main/examples/rust/raw_mesh to log it.

> log_node(rec, "a8origin/board", self.board_scene.clone()).unwrap();

Reviewer: we actually support GLTF directly as is, can't you log this as `Assets3D`?

Not blocking, we can fix this up later

// Align the board mesh so that the origin of `a8origin` appears on the a8 square.
// Henceforth any positions logged to a8origin/ will be relative to the center of the a8 square.
rec.log(
    "a8origin/board",
    &rerun::Transform3D::from_translation(Into::<[f32; 3]>::into(board_center)),
).unwrap();

> // Holder refers to the adjacent white board that holds captured pieces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `holder` refers to the adjacent white board that holds captured pieces.
```

    }
}
```
To log the piece models we convert them from `.stl` files to [`rerun::Mesh3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/mesh3d) by first reading the `.stl` files using [stl_io](`https://docs.rs/stl_io/latest/stl_io/`) and then convert them to [`rerun::Mesh3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/mesh3d) using the function below.
```rust
fn stl_to_mesh3d(mesh: &IndexedMesh, color: impl Into<rerun::Color> + Clone) -> Mesh3D {
    // The normals are not included in the stl files so we have to compute them
    // ourselves here. It's not strictly necessary to pass the normals
    // to Mesh3D but makes it the models look so much better.

    // calculate normals …

    rerun::Mesh3D::new(vertices)
        .with_triangle_indices(mesh.faces.iter().map(|face| {
            rerun::TriangleIndices(UVec3D::new(
                face.vertices[0] as u32,
                face.vertices[1] as u32,
                face.vertices[2] as u32,
            ))
        }))
        .with_vertex_colors(std::iter::repeat(color).take(mesh.vertices.len()))
        .with_vertex_normals(normals)
}
```

Every time we make a move we log the changes to like this:

> ```rust
> 
> pub fn log_piece_positions(&self, board: &Board) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
pub fn log_piece_positions(&self, board: &Board) {
```

// …

let (_scale, rotation, translation) = camera_to_a8.to_scale_rotation_translation();
rec.log(
    "a8origin/pinhole",
    &rerun::Transform3D::from_translation_rotation(translation, rotation),
).unwrap();
rec.log(
    "a8origin/pinhole",
    &rerun::Pinhole::from_focal_length_and_resolution(
        [color_param.row(0)[0], color_param.row(1)[1]],
        [640.0, 480.0],
    ),
).unwrap();
```
Then we can log the image to this path and it will be shown in the 3D view.
```rust
rec.log(
    "a8origin/pinhole/image",
    &rerun::Image::try_from(color_img.clone()).unwrap(),
).unwrap();
```

Logs the mask along with the detected pieces.
```rust
rec.log("images/mask", &rerun::Image::try_from(mask).unwrap())
                .unwrap();
rec.log(
    "images/points",
    &Points2D::new(square_mid_points)
        .with_labels(self.count_avg.iter().map(|cnt| cnt.to_string()))
        .with_radii(with_pieces.iter().map(|b| if *b { 10.0 } else { 2.0 }))
        .with_colors(is_white.iter().map(|&w| if w { [220; 3] } else { [50; 3] })),
).unwrap();
```

### Blueprint

> There isn't a Rust API for blueprints so instead we have to create and log the blueprint from python.
> This was done by creating a script called "blueprint.py"

Reviewer: Should link to the issue so that this doesn't _entire_ get out of date once we solved it

```suggestion
As of writing, there isn't a Rust API for blueprints so instead we have to create and log the blueprint from python (see [#5521](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/5521)).
This was done by creating a script called "blueprint.py"
```

```py
#!/usr/bin/env python3

import rerun as rr
import rerun.blueprint as rrb
import argparse

space_view_defaults = [

>     rr.components.AxisLength(0.0), # To hide the axes of all the transformations.

Reviewer: this one makes me so sad :/. We didn't log an issue for it to link here did we?

Author: I don't see what the problem is, what makes you so sad?
